chore: pre release 1.1.6 (#187)
emqx/emqx-operator: RELEASE.md

### Features 🌈

- Add `SecurityContext` for `EMQX Custom Resource`

> - Supply two modes for exposing `/metrics` endpoints for `EMQX Operator Controller`

Reviewer: We only released one mode for exposing `/metrics` endpoints

### Fixes 🛠

> - Fix `leader election lost` after restarting node occasionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an occasional `leader election lost` issue when restarting a node
```
